they have to start at baja 1000 anything
can happen in Baja and anything will
happen in Baja I one sec it's a
three-ring circus it's the third world
war more than anything you have to beat
the elements you gotta beat Baja
everything's open it's like rolling the
dice you could run the course one day
and it can be totally different person
next day just by whether there's so many
things that can happen
I've been lost I've been stuck at
somebody pull agami are you in the rocks
that you in the mud at you in the sand
daytime nighttime ocean to ocean
mountains the deserts it could be sunny
and ensenada and it could be flooding in
Loreto all kinds of elements that would
never happen in any other form of
motorsport you those are the challenges
that they're making it exciting now you
can't hate it that's what we're there
and that's that's part of it you went a
lot in growth and learning in life some
of the most rewarding finishes or wins
and Baja come and just blood and sweat
everything you can to get that vehicle
to the end it's the realest race there
is a team that we've got right now I'm
feeling really pretty good about it
everyone brings something to the table
on this team and it's it's a unique
group Tracy tour he might feel odd my
brother he's demeanor is very calm he is
one of everything they're used to women
rock crawling thinks I'm a Mormon ROC
holler I'm not but our own nice and warm
and weezer budget if you spent any
amount of time around him is a bundle of
energy makes things happen slow down
I can't Erin Crocker errand is an
incredibly talented driver minkum first
look at baja was Oh what have I got
myself into was a little overwhelmed her
first day out in the apo bushes and the
Boojum trees she's going to be very good
at this bill lever the lever is the
frogmen cigar Navy SEAL bill really
laid-back low-key ultimate badass he's
tougher than both of us look just as one
arm so okay go ask you if you want to
quit now there's a lot of people that
walk around and ask are you ready
Tuesday's when we find out once the
green flag drops its total chaos in Baja
are you gonna give anything away in this
race my guys get out that pit you will
see these guys absolutely killing
themselves over the next 13 to 40 hours
somebody had an accident
helicopter
now bc 13 be pulling in 10 minutes we're
gonna be down to the wire that car could
do 5,000 miles right now with that long
ways to go plans change every second I
don't know where they are does anybody
have any details for what happened how
the guys are doing they crashed i don't
know how bad it is i don't know how bad
the car looks unreal it's the Baja 1000
it's not place for quitters it's not a
place for wimps his cars going to the
finish line
this team has really come Kelly